Update jest scripts (#5882)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: AGENTS.md

Before completing changes make sure you run these commands:

- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint with auto-fix on src/ and playwright/ directories

> - `npm run test:debug <file_path>` - Run specific test file with console output suppressed (recommended for AI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `npm run test:debug <file_path>` - Run specific test file with a verbose console output (recommended for AI)
```
